README.md, before:

# SF Integrator

A lightweight Flask application to manage Salesforce org connections via OAuth 2.0 and run SOQL queries.

## Features

- Configure multiple Salesforce orgs (production, sandbox, or custom domains).
- Perform OAuth 2.0 flows to connect orgs and store tokens securely on disk.
- Run SOQL queries against connected orgs directly from the UI.
- Built-in guide documenting Salesforce and application configuration steps.

## Getting started

1. Create and activate a Python 3.10+ virtual environment.
2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. (Optional) Use the helper script to create/activate a virtual environment,
   install dependencies, and start the server automatically:

   ```bash
   ./setup_and_run.sh
   ```

   The script will create `./venv` if it does not already exist.

4. To run the app manually, set the Flask app and start the development server:

   ```bash
   export FLASK_APP=app
   flask run
   ```

   The app runs on <http://localhost:5000>.

4. Configure your Salesforce connected app with the callback URL `http://localhost:5000/oauth/callback` (or your deployed URL).
5. Use the Org Configuration page to add your org credentials and authorize via OAuth.

## Environment variables

Set `FLASK_SECRET_KEY` to override the default secret key in production deployments.

## Data storage

Org definitions and OAuth tokens are stored in `data/orgs.json`. Treat this file as sensitive because it may contain refresh tokens.

Commit message:

docs: describe contact point matching

README.md, after:

# SF Integrator

A lightweight Flask application to manage Salesforce org connections via OAuth 2.0 and run SOQL queries.

## Features

- Configure multiple Salesforce orgs (production, sandbox, or custom domains).
- Perform OAuth 2.0 flows to connect orgs and store tokens securely on disk.
- Run SOQL queries against connected orgs directly from the UI.
- Built-in guide documenting Salesforce and application configuration steps.

## Account Explorer contact point configuration

The Account Explorer allows administrators to inspect related records for an Account, including contact point data. Through the **Set Up** modal you can choose whether **ContactPointPhone** and **ContactPointEmail** records are retrieved via their related `Contact__c` (Contact) links, their `ParentId` (Individual) links, or both. The explorer labels each tree node with the origin used so you can easily distinguish the connection path.

## Getting started

1. Create and activate a Python 3.10+ virtual environment.
2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. (Optional) Use the helper script to create/activate a virtual environment,
   install dependencies, and start the server automatically:

   ```bash
   ./setup_and_run.sh
   ```

   The script will create `./venv` if it does not already exist.

4. To run the app manually, set the Flask app and start the development server:

   ```bash
   export FLASK_APP=app
   flask run
   ```

   The app runs on <http://localhost:5000>.

4. Configure your Salesforce connected app with the callback URL `http://localhost:5000/oauth/callback` (or your deployed URL).
5. Use the Org Configuration page to add your org credentials and authorize via OAuth.

## Environment variables

Set `FLASK_SECRET_KEY` to override the default secret key in production deployments.

## Data storage

Org definitions and OAuth tokens are stored in `data/orgs.json`. Treat this file as sensitive because it may contain refresh tokens.
